# hotpepper.finance
## This Project is in beta, use at your own risk.
HOT is an experimental protocol building upon the most exciting innovations in programmable money and governance, employs a fair distribution mechanism that incentivizes key community members to actively take the reins of governance.

Rather than allocating a portion of the supply to the founding team, HOT is being distributed in the spirit of YFI: no pre-mine, no founder shares, no VC interests — simply equal-opportunity staking distribution to attract a broad and vision-aligned community to steward the future of the protocol and token.
## Token DHOT (Devil HOT)
We have enabled 1:1 mapping between HOT and DHOT.

There is no time limit for mapping, the mapping page will always be open

Here is our Mapping URL:https://hotpepper.finance/swap.html

**Token Symbol**: DHOT(Devil Pepper)

**Token Contract**: TFZuttvMGETrzUzP8uXiKKnC8wpJgE7QBW

**Total Supply**: 50,000 DHOT

**DHOT monitor**: https://hotpepper.finance/watch.html

**Number of tokens in circulation**: 15,000 DHOT

We will strictly control the output of the LP mining pool to maintain the circulation of DHOT below 15,000, so as to maintain a high burning rate.

## Token HOT
**Token Symbol**: HOT(HotPepper)

**Token Contract**: TGghzFsbiKySEid4ob6FmbqDLLZRjg6SYb

**Total Supply**: 50,000 HOT

**Twitter link**:https://twitter.com/lovehotpepper

**Telegram link**:https://t.me/hot_pepper_official

Token Burning and Holder dividends:

https://github.com/hot-finance/HotPepper/blob/master/TokenBurning(EN).md
                                   
https://github.com/hot-finance/HotPepper/blob/master/TokenBurning(CN).md

Distribution: Pool v1, Pool v2, Pool v3. Pool v1 will last 7days,Pool v2 and Pool v3 will determined by the community.

## Pool v1 (Now has release 13,000 HOT)

**Defi Farms**: 10,000 HOT

DZI: 40%   
Token address:TLi2o9XadMAonBJvzoj1kHBkNe6Nh1SaZ3\
Pool address:TGCpgDcz1zNWuGLHpXt1DkqeZ8Kb5qMB47\
7 Days supply:4,000 HOT\
Per day supply:571 HOT/per day

TAI: 20%
Token address: TRwS7apsNdRGzMBfhB2hVC4RhqfubUYZ8P\
Pool address: TNfT71aw16kdcQRL8okcBiQUZpv7m9Jhvh\
7 Days supply: 2,000 HOT\
Per day supply: 285 HOT/per day

PEARL: 20% 
Token address: TGbu32VEGpS4kDmjrmn5ZZJgUyHQiaweoq\
Pool address: TAALYQJZwfmGsYy2aVN89nNPSfve37GYvX\
7 Days supply: 2,000 HOT\
Per day supply: 285 HOT/per day

JFI: 20% 
Token address: TN7zQd2oCCguSQykZ437tZzLEaGJ7EGyha\
Pool address: TGH51nUqD57JPGVQ8gxtD5SCpMQ4APwbza\
7 Days supply: 2,000 HOT\
Per day supply: 285 HOT/per day

**Basic Farms**:5,000 HOT

USDt: 60% 
Token address: TR7NHqjeKQxGTCi8q8ZY4pL8otSzgjLj6t\
Pool address: TQLbsEQkY577rcDv333ChHzaovRuady63q\
7 Days supply: 3,000 HOT\
Per day supply: 428 HOT/per day

The Following pool is to be continue

wTRX: 10%

BTT: 10% 

Sun: 20%

## Pool v2 (Only support DHOT)
Farm 5,000 HotPepper with Liquidity Provider tokens. Please note Tronscan explorer currently is unable to show LP tokens.

DHOT-TRX JUSTSWAP LP: The pool ratio and duration depend on the amount of DHOT burned.

The following LP pool will Voted by the community(Must have DHOT tokens).

The DHOT generated by Pool v2 will lower than the number of burned tokens at the corresponding time.

Pool v3
20,000 token Reversed.

**How do we choose the ratio to the farms?**

We choose the farms carefully to attract a broad and vision-aligned community to steward the future of the protocol and token.
